It is the 15th day of November, 2012. I am Alex Jones your host. And I can undoubtedly, with butterflies in my stomach, which I never have, even speaking in front of thousands of people in a hall, I can unequivocally tell you that this is going to be the most important broadcast hands down that I have ever done. Now we have not been blindsided by the secession movement, but it’s almost like a bus that ran me over ten years ago, it’s old news to us. But the new news is that it’s now breaking nationwide and worldwide, and is a symbol and an indicator of the sleeping giant that is America awakening.
And the entire globalist program has been built and designed to block what you are about to see unfold. I’m going to make some announcements here today, and I’m going to lay out some plans from my deep study of the Constitution that can save this Republic if you execute them. Victory is in our grasp. People don’t know they’re in tyranny until it really starts to get bad.
Ladies and gentlemen, petitions to the White House under federal law have to be responded to when they reach a certain number. It’s now more than 15 states, it was 7 last night, that have reached that threshold.
But secession itself is a red herring. I hope you’re listening to me. What we really want is a new Declaration of Independence issued July 4, 1776. The purest American values, the purest essence of the United States was secession from a corrupt, distant corporate empire backed up by military force. We are recaptured by the progeny; by the literal and figurative offspring of those robber barons 235 years ago. We are at the crossroads, and the entire enemy battle plan that we’ve reverse engineered is designed to suppress states’ rights movements. Because the states created the federal government and it is not their right, it is not their duty, We the people that make the states, it is an absolute imperative beyond duty. It is survival that we secede from the New World Order that has conquered us through fraud; that we declare the fraud null and void and then reconstitute the Republic with a new Congress of the several states.
A new Declaration of Independence. We can’t wait until July 4th. And everything we’ve forward with the nullification movement, the states’ rights movement. The system has prepared for this; sold Obama as the next Lincoln, and said any state’s right movement is civil war. Glenn Beck is saying it’s illegal and civil war. It is the essence of America. And there’s a new Ron Paul video he put out this morning at Infowars.com that we just posted where he says that secession is the ultimate American value.
America is already gone. We must recognize that, pull out the New World Order, prosecute the criminals that have hijacked the Republic that don’t flee, and then reconstitute the Republic. But we must first separate or die to then rejoin. We’ll be back, stay with us.
—
Today is a day that will be remembered forever in the hearts and minds. In future generations of not just Americans, but people worldwide who have rediscovered liberty and freedom. We are living on the edge ladies and gentlemen. This will be my most important broadcast in my 17 years of being on air. This is it, ladies and gentlemen.
We have warned of this, we have exposed it, we have seen the globalists preparation and now things are unfolding exactly as we knew they would. But last night at about midnight after re-watching Ron Paul’s most powerful and thought provoking speech, his farewell speech, watching it for the second time last night – we’re going to play some clips of it coming up – everything crystalized. I already knew it intellectually. I’d already said it on air a hundred times in different ways, but it hit me with that electricity I’ve only felt a few other times in my life – the knowing.
The knowing. The absolute destiny of this Republic. The conviction that if I prosecute the war against the New World Order, if you take up the Infowar and discredit and expose the enemy and take up states’ rights and take up a new Declaration of Independence. The plans were laid by our forebears. The first amendment, the second amendment, the fourth amendment, the tenth amendment, the ninth amendment, all chief, all key, all armaments for our protection for seeing the crisis we’ve now entered.
The enemy’s tools is the dumbed-down population, a drugged-population, a selfish, evil, greedy population. And they don’t even outnumber us. It’s a fraudulent election system, we know that. If the parasites didn’t have the producers, they would fall. And we are now here at the crossroads. And we have Edwin Viera joining us, constitutional lawyer at the start of the next hour; we have Lew Rockwell joining us as well. And I’m going to make some huge announcements here and try to be calm. I’ve written like 7 pages of notes here I want to go over with you here today. Now this is not complex, but this is not dumbed-down radio. This is a blueprint. And if constitutional lawyers pick this up, if Ron Paul can be drafted. If you put the energy in tomorrow, next week, next year, this is the beginning. Everything else has just been a build-up, the orchestra tuning up before the orchestra begins their true presentation. We are at the threshold of absolute history.
We are plunging into absolute, certified, bonafide, razor-sharp, total evil. Obama did something off the charts today. He signed a secret executive order handing over the Internet to the NSA and foreign banks. Unprecedented. We are now going under emergency rule right now. This has all been planned out, all war-gamed.
But we, through historical research, and thousands of whistleblowers from inside the system, many of which were killed or imprisoned – remember many people died to bring you this information – the only reason I’m alive right now is because people were willing in the 60s, 70s and 80s to be imprisoned and killed. They killed thousands of people. They arrested Congressmen and tortured them. They, they hijacked aircraft and handed over Congressmen to the North Koreans. They can try to keep this down. Those of us that came before the current awakening. We stand on their shoulders. So this isn’t a game. I want to telegraph that to you right now.
And what I’m going to say today, and what I’m taking up now is the most dangerous thing I’ve ever done, and I feel no fear. I only feel fear that I will not execute this properly, and it’s not fear, it’s more of a gripping, bracing realization as if the hand of God is wrapped around my heart saying ‘Don’t screw this up. You may be killed doing this, so in your greatest moment of resistance, ringing the bell, signaling the beginning of the second American revolution. The restoration and the spirit of 1776. Don’t screw this up, Jones.’ And I’ll tell all of you this as well, you don’t screw this up either. This is time for dedication. This is time for commitment, and the spiritual decision to sign your John Hancock in your words and your deeds towards the restoration of our Republic and putting us back on the course of liberty and justice for all.
And what am I going to call for here? I’m going to call for what is in the Declaration of Independence. The founding document of July 4, 1776. That is what I’m calling for. It is America. It is the birth of America. It’s when it all started. And we have the tools, we have the information. We have all of it before us, in our hands if we will only take it up from this inspired document. The example of freedom worldwide and breathe life back into it and set those brushfires in the minds of men and women everywhere.
Let me lay out some basic facts here before I get into the battle plan in the infowar. And the enemy will undoubtedly try to come down physically upon us, but that is part of the historical tide. And that is another side of our victory. The 1.6 billion bullets, the checkpoints, the foreign troops, the Army admitting re-education camps. That’s a sign of weakness of the collectivist borg corporate bankster state. The poison they’ve poured out upon us, their venom that was meant to paralyze those of us that love liberty has only energized us while paralyzing and fogging their vision. They are confounded. They are confused. They are believing their own propaganda and lies. But I see in their eyes the seeds of their destruction and their failure.
If only you will take up the gifts God has given us, the weapons that God gave our forebears. So long lying in their armories, collecting dust, we will resurrect these weapons and we will use them tirelessly against the enemy. We will prosecute a war to restore the Republic and run the moneychangers from the temple.
Now here are some of the points I’m going to break down. And I know Paul Watson and others are going to be codifying this into action plans and articles.
Number 1, Ron Paul, the video’s up at Infowars.com, has said secession is the essence of America. And the birth of our Republic. It is more American than even George Washington, because he flowed forth from that. It is the fount, the center, the core, the very blood of the Republic. It is July 4th. It is the freedom, it is the dignity, it is the absolute center of the universe on this planet for liberty and resistance to tyranny.
It is our armor, it is our mind, it is our sword, it is our shield, it is our will.
Now, I will expose the trap. The globalists are counterfeiters. They will secession and they will repackage it as civil war and as racism, and you’re already seeing that. You’re already seeing them jump on that, they were ready.
It was secession from the British empire by British citizens who were having their rights violated, exactly as we are today, after a long train of abuses, that led to them pulling out of that corrupt system, to form a new union, to form a new system. Read the Declaration of Independence. And that is was not just their right, but their duty to do so.
And so we’re saying rediscover that, reissue a new Declaration of Independence. It may take a year, it may take two years, but accelerate the program. The idea. Literally storm your state houses, not demanding more government handouts, but as we stormed them over the TSA last year, and that’s what the media called it, march in not asking but demanding that they throw the TSA out of our state. Unanimously voted in the House, killed by Dewhurst in the Senate. Now we have removed him and he lost his Senate race. Now they’re back with even more votes in the Senate.
We are going to force the issue with the globalists, because here’s the key. We’re not seceding from the federal government. We are recognizing and declaring what is self-evident that the federal government has been hijacked by foreign banking cartels. You can go into the legislatures with the Times of London, CNBC, Time magazine, hundreds of publications bragging that we’ve been conquered. So we are pulling out of the occupied, false federal New World Order system. We are seceding from the New World Order hijackers to reconstitute the Republic. I have the battle plan. We’re going to draft Ron Paul. Stay with me. Call everyone you know.
—
Just a cast away in my own Republic. A country occupied by foreign banks that openly brag they’ve taken my Republic over and that they’re going to give us $100,000 fines for washing our cars, that’s the San Diego Herald Tribune. That they’re going to arrest us for hay dust in our barns. That they’re going to forcibly inoculate our children without asking us, totally illegal. That they’re going to shut down and take over the Internet and sign a secret executive order to do it.
Once you get to the point of tyranny, it just drops off a ledge. And the media, I’ve literally got probably 60 articles here, CBS News, NBC, you name it, showing Fort Sumter on fire that started the Civil War. Union ships bombarding the fort. I mean this is so amazing the type of things that are going on. And the media is saying ‘It’s racist. People don’t like having a black president.’ Really? Was there secession calls four years ago? No. We know Obama’s a puppet. They’re saying, ‘We’re going to raise your taxes. We’re gong to pass VAT and carbon taxes.’ That’s now in the news. ‘We’re going to give it foreign banks. We’re going to have the federal government take over your life. We’re going to legalize all the illegals. We’re going to open the country up. North American Union.’ And people are like, ‘No, you’re not.’ And they’re like, ‘Yes we are.’
‘Hey, your state says they’re going to enforce the law and not let the TSA stick their hands down people’s pants? Well, I tell you what we’re going to do then. We’re going to send in F16s to shoot down aircraft that try to enter Texas.’ That was last year. The federal government’s out of control. It’s been taken over. They brag in hundreds of publications that America’s been conquered. The post-America world, on and on and on.
Fifty years ago, the richest country in the world. The highest education. Highest IQ. The longest lived. Now, we’re at the back of the pack. We have been overrun by criminals with a bunch of fancy propaganda. And Ron Paul gave a speech yesterday, his farewell, where he said we have state-run media, they’ve set up FEMA camps, we’re going into world government. That’s what’s going to cure this, is slamming the facts down, because they’re right there.
Not listening to some of the people that have infiltrated Campaign for Liberty saying ‘Don’t talk about world government. You know, work with the system.’ Oh, Obama’s got a mandate. Thank God Ron Paul’s taken Campaign for Liberty back over. And listen, I’m going to lay out my battle plan when we come back from break. I’m so excited I’ve just given you some of the basic facts here. But I’m going to tell you this. Call everyone you know, whether you’re listening on a local AM or FM station, whether you are listening on XM 166, whether you are listening to the Internet streams on PrisonPlanet.com or Infowars.com. Call everyone you know and tell them to tune in now, because I’ve got a battle plan based on history, based on our Republic, based on the Bill of Rights and Constitution, and based on the fact that we’ve got close to double the nations that we had 100 years ago because people want freedom. And when you’ve got a corrupt central government – Mexico used to be twice the size it is now. Not in the North; in the South. Guatemala and other countries peeled off. That is the natural thing is to, when you get your federal government hijacked, you pull out, then you reconstitute, then you go restore the federal government.
I mean look, if foreign enemies parachuted in and took over the White House and the Congress and announced, ‘We’re your new government,’ like something out of Amerika with a “k” with Kris Kristofferson, you’d say, ‘Hey, the states have got to get together to kick these guys out. That’s not our legitimate government.’ That wouldn’t be secession. That would be the states organizing to reconstitute the Republic. But to do that, they’ve got to exercise their states’ rights of secession.
Not secession to make Texas its own country. Not secession to make Oklahoma its own country. Not secession to make Missouri its own country, or Illinois. Secession to say, ‘Here’s our Bill of Rights and Constitution that our state constitutions are based on. This is what we follow. Not the U.N. Not the New World Order. Not the Patriot Act. Not the NDAA. Federal Reserve out. New World Order out. Get out!’
Look at how they set the Euro up to get the countries in debt fraudulently, sign them onto banker debt, implode them and bring them into a total super-union under central bank / private bank control. They brag about that on Bloomberg TV. That’s all over the news. They say the banks set up the Euro to take it over. They think you’re so dumb. This is all admitted.
So I just give praise to Ron Paul. You know when you love somebody, you love what they’ve done, you get upset by some of the things you’ve see some of his supporters in the power structure do, when you count on somebody, it’s personal, then you get mad at them. And I got mad at Ron Paul a little bit to get him back, to get him to realize what had happened to his organization. I did it quietly, I did it gently. But now it’s happening. And I’m telling you, we need to draft Ron Paul to lead the second Continental Congress of the states. It’s a new Declaration of Independence to restore the Republic.
—-
Make no mistake, ladies and gentlemen. History is being made now. As Ron Paul said in his speech yesterday, which we’re going to play excerpts of after Edwin Viera leaves us at the bottom of the next hour, constitutional lawyer, to break down our path towards victory against the globalists, secession and reconstituting the Republic. I’m going to lay out that plan as calmly as I can here in a moment.
If you go to PrisonPlanet.com or Infowars.com, Ron Paul: ‘Secession Is An American Principle.’ That video’s up there. In final speech, Ron Paul warns of “continued march towards fascism.” That’s a Steve Watson article, that’s a quote. He said, ‘This is a conscious’ – sounded like I wrote the speech. I know we’re on the same page, but man, Ron Paul really gets it. “This is a conscious, tyrannical, planned seizure takeover by world government conquering the U.S.” And God bless him, he’s told the truth and laid it out.
We’re not going to beat these people like the media says, ‘Oh join the Democrats and vote for socialism.’ That’s all election fraud; it’s all a scam. 12 to 15, 20 million, the numbers are varied. Ron Paul libertarians didn’t vote for Romney. That’s why he didn’t get in. Because people aren’t playing games anymore. They’re not buying 3 to 5 million guns a month and buying ammo and signing 1,200,000 petitions to secede because they’re playing games anymore. And I saw one of the top neocon talk show hosts, I have his quotes here, coming out and saying, ‘Do not sign that petition, the government will come and round you up.’ That’s like telling John Hancock and Thomas Jefferson, ‘Don’t sign the Declaration of Independence.’
Here, you see the Declaration of Independence? Give me a document cam shot guy. I’m going to sign this. This is what it’s all about. I was up in Hot Springs last year on a three day vacation with my family and they had a Constitutional woman’s group handing out free Constitutions on Constitution Day and they gave you a chance to sign it. That’s the point.
A-L-E-X J-O-N-E-S. See that? That’s where you get freedom. Telling these bullies, these scum, these illegitimate New World Order trash, ‘We’re not playing games with you.’
Let me read from this. That these vampires don’t like. It’s like high noon to them.
“While evils are sufferable,” it goes on here, “People to alter or abolish it and to institute new government.”
“That whenever any form of government becomes destructive to these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it and to institute new government laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form as to them shall seem most likely to affect their safety and their happiness. Prudence indeed will dictate that governments long established should not be changed for light or transient causes. And accordingly all experience hath shown that mankind are more disposed to suffer while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed or conditioned. But when a long train of abuses pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty to throw off such governments and to provide new guards for their future security.”
And look, I signed my name to it right here. I signed my name to this. Sign your name. It is a symbol. God sees it. If you’ve got one printed out, or if you’ve got a parchment one hanging on the wall, get in there and sign it. In fact, we’ve got back there parchment Constitutions hanging. I want them pulled off the wall. I want the Declaration of Independence pulled out because I want to sign it. That’s what it’s about.
Look at this headline. Glenn Beck says, “Are you out of your mind. They’ll come round you up.” My God, that man is a Benedict Arnold with stuff like that. Or maybe he’s just a coward; he’s got like 30 security people. I just go out to Bilderberg streets, have 1000 people around me. And people are like, ‘That’s crazy, Jones. Why do you do that? Why do you tell folks where you’re going and where you’re going to be?’ This is in God’s hands, that’s why. The tree of liberty has to be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants. And I’m not living in fear. I’m signing my name onto liberty and I’m in, 110%. I’m all in. I’m doubling down. There’s no more backing off. There’s no more playing games. There’s no more half measures. You’re either for freedom, or you’re going to be a slave.
Now, let me give you my plan. And I want to start out first with how they’re going to counterstrike. You’ve seen it. I’ve told you for years. John Warner Defense Authorization Act says for insurrection by the states, governors and legislatures. This is 2007 they were getting ready for this. This is a long term plan where they were getting rid of Posse Comitatus, getting Brigade Homeland set up with 400,000 troops for domestic operations, NORTHCOM standing up, the drones, all of the massive preparations that were going on, being established and being set up, while all of this was going on, they said in the 2007 John Warner Defense Authorization Act, it says, and I read it on air to you, that they are preparing to block the states.
They’re worried about the Governor’s Council even though most of them are their operatives, because we could take that back over and that’s the logical place to have a new Continental Congress of the states to restore the Republic. Not a secession. Recognizing our government’s been hijacked. That’s the key. That’s not words. That’s true. They have declared they have conquered us. That’s a legal posting in over 200 newspapers seen in just the last year. I’ve shown them. Paul Watson and I wrote the article, “Bankers Declare They’ve Conquered Europe and the U.S.” Our first issue of the magazine covered that. Bankers declare they’ve conquered us. That is a legal posting.
These people are lawyers, because they leave backdoors, escape hatches for themselves. That’s why we understand their battle plan, because this barrel of snakes follows a program to exempt themselves from their tyranny, ok? Now listen to me. They’ve got the military set, they’ve got the military ready. Rick Perry joked he’d secede. They put the military on alert in surrounding states to invade. Good. Throw me in that briar patch. Let’s get it on. Let’s get it started. Let’s have you come in and knock some heads and put Army on the streets. Let’s get it going here. Not physical. Don’t fight them when they do this. Let the redcoats occupy like they did for a decade before it really got going. Let the redcoats come in; let them rape women, speak out against it, if you see it happening, you’ve got a moral duty to defend the woman. But no offensive attacks. No offensive attacks. Let their evil flow.
Continue. They want to start the fight. Let them shoot first. We have the moral high ground. They’ll probably stage some false flags to then blame it on us so that they can get the moral high ground. Continue to expose their main weapon that we’ve almost destroyed – false flag. False flag, inside job, staged event, provocateured event, it’s now in the nomenclature. Keep running that offense on them. Attack in all directions, ladies and gentlemen. We’ve been waiting to be fully surrounded. We’ve been waiting for everything we warned to come to pass. We’ve fought against it, while building next phase resistance systems. Ok? That’s why we’ve said from deep behind enemy lines. I know I’m in FEMA region VI. I know the globalists admit they conquered us decades ago with the National Security Act. Now they want to conquer you physically. Now they really want to break your will and break your back and get you ready for this. And break you financially so you go on food stamps, go on welfare and ship all our jobs overseas and use banker bailout money to ship our jobs overseas, everything was about breaking us down, making us dependent, demoralizing us. Breaking up our families. Making the general public these gibbering, empty demons that get off on the idea of evil but squeal like little pigs when they get caught in the vice grips of something real. Who have no idea what real darkness is. Who have no idea what hell is really like. No idea what the stench of tyranny really smells like. Well, you little fools are going to get to smell it.
The weak are fascinated and worship at the altar of evil because they believe it has power. That once evil really gets turned loose, they will beat their heads and pull their hair out and they will beg. They will beg for justice and there will be none. The wicked flee when none pursue.
The pit they’ve dug for us, they will fall into.
Now let me lay it out. They’re going to invoke race war. You’ve seen it. ‘You don’t like government run health care? You’re a racist. You don’t like world government? You’re a racist. You don’t like election fraud? You’re a racist. You’re a racist. You’re a racist.’ It’s that division. With the illegals, and the inner city folks and the poor people who are victims of the mind control just like the general public. That will be the globalists’ weapon system and their constituency. Their paramilitary police and military are starting to wake up.
But still a lot of them are such authoritarians drunk on power and drunk on the idea that they’re moral, and drunk on the brainwashing they’ve been given, that a lot of them will try to prosecute a war of intimidation against us. And we’ve got to hold, ladies and gentlemen. It’s like Andrew Jackson said, ‘Don’t fire until you see the whites of their eyes.’ Politically, just let them keep engaging us, and abusing and stomping all over us. And just document, document, document, document, document. While moving politically to delegitimize them. To expose them.
When they brag and post public notices that they’ve conquered us, we’ve been conquered, we’ve been taken over. They’ve tried to mop up the media. They put the Internet kill switch in years ago. Now, they’ve announced it under secret order. They’re getting ready the new wars to try to get us to rally around. The economic implosions, all of it. This is going to be one Hades of a fight.
But if we don’t give up and keep pounding in the Infowar, we’re going to win.
Now, did you call everybody you know and tell them to tune in? Because I’m going to lay this out. The globalists will launch false flags to kill the states’ rights, Declaration of Independence 2.0 movement. That’s what it is: Declaration of Independence 2.0, restoring the Republic. They’re going to stage false flags. They’re going to run up gun owners and call them paramilitary forces. They’ve already got federal petitions to form militias to invade as commissars. That’s at WhiteHouse.gov. I’m going to cover it in a moment. They’re already saying deport us. They’re already saying arrest us. And they’ve already sold the idea in like eight movies that have come out and all these magazines that Obama’s an Abraham Lincoln, that there’s going to be a civil war, and that he will stop the racists. And the media’s saying, ‘It’s secession 2.0. Civil War. We’re going to fight the grey coats.’ That’s already the branding.
No, this is not grey coats or blue coats. This is Northerner, Southerner, Westerner. Black. White. Hispanic. Asian. If you want freedom, if you want out from under socialism and globalism, then you are 1776. Own it! Become it! And I mean you know, those of you that have been globalist minions, those of you that have been socialists, you know that it’s delivering you into bondage; you know it doesn’t fulfill you. You know there’s a tingle in your heart and in your mind, in your soul when you hear me speak. You want to join your brothers and sisters in liberty, in history, that stood up against tyrants.
We’re fighting the same thing our ancestors fought over and over again in different permutations. And the globalists demonize the Bill of Rights and Constitution, because even though it was never fully implemented, the ideas that it enshrines are anathema to the despot, to the tyrant, to the king rat; and you are at the threshold. You are the resistance. You are the leaders.
They’re going to invoke race war. They’re going to invoke separation of men and women. They’re going to invoke more attacks on the family. They’re going to hammer the economy, and say give the bankers unlimited trillions in new taxes and austerity or we’re going to implode you. They’re then going to put more people on welfare so that they’ve got to survive. They’re forcing us onto the plantation, onto the slave reservation, onto the control grid.
They are going to, again, say that it’s secession, that it’s violent, and go find goofballs and little guys out there on their farm saying, ‘I’m the president of this; I’m the president of that; I’m the president of Oklahoma; I’m president of Texas; I’m the president of New Mexico’ to make it look kooky.
I’m laying out their battle plan. I told you this was all coming. They train the military; they train NORTHCOM for this. They understand this is the remedy in the Constitution. Not some secession where some guy declares himself the King of Texas. But, Texans saying, ‘The federal government has been hijacked by foreign globalists that have bragged that they’ve conquered us.’
You go into the legislatures with papers, with the examples of the news and the bankers announcing that there’s a world government and that we’ve been conquered. They’re announcing we’ve been conquered.
You go in with the Declaration of Independence saying it’s our right and duty to throw this off. You call the state legislature associations, the gubernatorial associations – not the new 10 member FEMA Governor’s Council that’s the counterfeit over the governors getting together, or the Rural Affairs under the Department of Defense / Homeland Security to run the rural areas.
This is an emergency reorganization plan by design modeled after the Mao and Lenin and Stalin takeovers of those countries and surrounding areas. We know their attack profile. We know their bombing runs, we know their plan. All we’ve got to do is face how much trouble we’re in, we can beat these people. But folks, if you don’t grow up and realize, ‘Oh my God, Alex Jones was right. Oh my gosh, Ron Paul was right. Oh my gosh, this is real. Oh my gosh, we gotta do something. We gotta go do banner hangs right now. We gotta call into talk radio. We’ve gotta go to legislatures even if they’re not in session and go in and say we know what’s going on.’ Stand up, do something. Stop being a coward.
The globalists are purging our military right now, because I know from multiple high level sources – and you’ve seen all the resignations – that the military said no to this NORTHCOM takeover plan. Military said, ‘We’re not going to arrest governors and people. We’re not going to arrest newspaper editors. We’re not going to arrest talk show hosts. We’re not going to do gun confiscation. Do you understand, that’s a suicide mission, and it can not be practiced. It’s not practicable. It’s not practical. It will wipe out our forces. Are you insane?’
And, see, it’s not that the top generals are even moral on average, they understand, ‘Wait. We’re over-extended everywhere. Most of the troops are out of the country. There’s all these mercenaries here. You want us to try to take 180 million gun owners’ guns? If one percent stand up, that’s 1.8 mil. There’s no way.’
Admiral Yamamoto said, ‘If we ever invade the mainland of the U.S., there’d be a rifle behind every blade of grass.’ That’s the execution of the military and the police by the globalists to bring us into total anarchy. If the military and the police try to execute the gun confiscations that Obama, the NRA has documented has planned – physical turn-ins of all semi-autos – there will be a civil war when that starts. People that resist will be called terrorists.
I mean folks, they had drones and helicopters over Austin, black helicopters this morning, it’s even in the news. They are ready. They want to hammer down. Again, so we need to be non-violent, we need to be prepared, we need to let people know though, this is going to happen. See people are listening to us now because everything we’ve talked about has happened. So when we come back, I’m going to give you the keys. I’ve told you what they’re going to do; I’m going to tell you what we need to do. We need to draft Ron Paul to try to organize through their state movement Campaign for Liberty that was full of operatives – of course you know something like that is going to be infiltrated by young punks that want to be stars in the Republican party – Ron Paul’s retaken control of it. They need to direct for a calm meeting of governors and legislatures, circulating petitions, circulating legislation that Ron Paul writes and other competing legislation, to restore the Republic – not secession – but to recognize at the state level that globalists have seized our country. They’re overthrowing the Bill of Rights and Constitution. We are not seceding to destroy the Republic, but to unite the Republic. They want to bill this as a civil war; that’s been their plan. They will stage false flags. We enter the prime danger zone. We are here to restore the Republic through secession. We must un-join and then reunite. Stay with us, we’ll be back.
—-
Ladies and gentlemen, Alex Jones here back live. We can restore the Republic if you want it. But the only way to do it is to realize we’ve been overtaken; we’ve been seized at the federal level. Most of the governors are globalist operatives who’ve proven that they’re servants of evil, to the foreign banks. Some of the governors are saying, ‘Oh, let’s not have secession’ so that they can try to get a job higher up in the New World Order.
Folks, the globalists want to try to wreck the United States and reorganize it. The globalists want to just have you go along with whatever they say and do. We have got to accelerate the states’ rights movement, the nullification movement and we’ve got to control the debate and not let them, which they’ve been waiting for, phrase it as racist and as a hillbilly claiming that he’s president of this state or that state. We have to say, ‘No!’
It’s the Declaration of Independence. We’re going to secede to restore the Republic. And if you’re watching at PrisonPlanet.tv, I have a poster here that is an example of this. This is from 1775-1776, the Join or Die. And it’s the New England, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Maine. You’ve got the states here, that were the colonies, that were being overrun and treated like slaves – checkpoints on the roads and all the rest of it, people being executed for no reason, corrupt courts. Everything that’s in the Declaration of Independence. That terrorist document FEMA demonizes because it’s July 4th, it is the heart of America. It is your mommy and daddy getting in bed and making you when you were conceived. It is the zenith. Ok? It is the fount.
Now what’s happened it, the globalists have come in. They’ve come in, and they’ve taken control of the head, and then the head has gone into all the parts and extracted the wealth, you understand, to bring it back to the head so that we’ve got this giant New World Order head. And all these little parts of the states that are actually giant, but the state government itself has been made this little federal, vestigial thing.
We have to separate from the hijacked globalist government, and we have to go with the pieces of the states and reconstitute the new head and then, we join. You understand? Then, we rejoin. This has been seized. Everything is to explain. This is hijacked. This is fascist. Not in word, folks, in reality. Ron Paul broke it down in a 49 minute speech. We’re in deep trouble, FEMA camps, mass arrests, gun confiscations, civil war. The states are like, ‘Hey, we created you. You’ve been taken over by foreign banks, we don’t like what you’re doing. These are all filled with globalist operatives, though, but We the People live here.’
So, we start movements everywhere. If we get one tail to start pulling out and get our message out, that it’s about restoring the Republic and kicking the globalists out, the others will fall into place. It will give other people moral courage in the city, county and state government, and the federal government. The generals have had courage to say no to all these new wars and saying, you know, they won’t start this takeover. We’ve got to stand with them. And this will give people moral courage to say no within the big leviathan head.
So we kick the leviathan out of the country. And we restore the Republic. Now, how do we get that done? I’m going to break this down more with constitutional lawyers that haven’t even heard by breakdown yet, but I’m just following the Bill of Rights and Constitution and history. I know they’re going to agree. You watch when Lew Rockwell’s on. You watch when Edwin Viera, constitutional lawyer’s on. You watch. Haven’t even talked to them yet. I just said come on the show about secession. You watch, they’re going to totally agree with me, because I’ve studied this deeply.
This is the path; this is what our forebears gave us. It is secession because the federal government’s gone. It’s captured. We have to secede from that fraud, the Federal Reserve occupied government, to then recombine under the Bill of Rights and Constitution. Don’t let them try to rewrite something bad in this new thing. They’ll try that, too. That’s another attack we’ve got to worry about. But first, we’ve got to go, get the word out, get the bills written up and get the secession going.